NEW: Input consumption - Priorities instead of complexity [ISX-2510] (#2402)
Unity-Technologies/InputSystem: Packages/com.unity.inputsystem/Documentation~/Settings.md

> [!NOTE]
> This setting is stored as a user setting, not a project setting. This means other users who open the project in their own Editor do not share the setting.

## Improved Shortcut Support

> Under __Improved Shortcut Support__, two independent options control how the Input System resolves overlapping bindings on the same control (for example a plain __B__ key action versus __Shift+B__):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Under **Improved Shortcut Support**, two independent options control how the Input System resolves overlapping bindings on the same control (for example, a plain **B** key action as opposed to **Shift**+**B**):
```

> | UI / API | Description |

Reviewer: We don't need to repeat information. I would suggest condensing it all to one page, and linking between them.

Author: Makes sense! I just have it in one location now and link to it from the other.
